ah
hi friends from youtube good today les
I will give my views on the video
gang nam style good let's start first
I'll put a bit of the video
baskets
i
I already knew already injured function and not
in it for me
we cheat I want to walk from
Inventory
nobody takes note
himself already after first of all it's for me
with activity
exactly
and clear
to talk
more
and everything strip
good haha I had a good shit voice my
point of view number one is that as a
horse is going to dance like that hehehe the
horse or have to know what bullshit
does that wey shut up asshole clear
the horse knows what that ox does not
you are stupid the horse is smart
because he went to the schools in the country and you
Who the fuck are you ?
that is in the face going up
porn images ha ha ha ya shut up
stupid good friends let's continue my point
of view number two is that as to the
people like the song if not even
know what the hell is saying because
Of course, people know what it says
because they are not atlanta beasts like you and
your fucking mother jejeje that nobody can
take out this asshole we can not
we are chasing reds chingón
so stop fucking sorry friends
let's continue my point of view number
three is that because he talks a lot about
morbidity happen to very good girls
hehehe calla asshole that even passes your
Mom in the fucking video
no comment my point of view number
four is that it encourages gays since
pass a shot where is the in your aya
watching other men shut up
q wanker always come to suck
the pija
go to the cock you're always chingue and
chingue the mother go fuck fucking
stupid asshole stupid asshole
if you are taking a list of
assistance from your home hehehe aralar me
childbirth and shut up good asshole friends
this video came to an end do not forget
subscribe if they liked the good video
until next time